Father, I lied to you.
Islene's...
Islene's dead.
Where are you, my gods?
Where... are... my... gods?
When I was cold,
you kept me warm.
When I wept,
you comforted me.
I will protect you.
Have you spoken
to them yet?
Who?
The Druids. You
need their blessing.
You are a monster.
Well, if you won't
speak with them,
I will.
If you knew who I was,
you would not
be here.
My plans... have changed.
Since when?
Since I saw the General.
Since I looked
in his eyes.
He's not a man.
He's something else,
something
far, far stronger.
Behold the power of Rome!
You are Queen Kerra
of the Cantii.
The scariest thing,
your biggest fear...
his name
is Aulus Plautius.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Pellenor is dead.
His daughter
is to be crowned queen.
Well, that's handy.
What's all this, then?
I'd say calculations.
I thought the Celts
didn't write anything down.
They don't.
These are the gods'.
The gods wrote these.
Well, that explains it.
What's that?
A message...
to an old friend.
Ye Gods...
With these new eyes,
he can see further
than the hawk.
He sees the beginning of time.
Does he see you?
He can see
everything now,
but not with these.
Now, these are
for the crows.
A span of oak
will give our king strength
on his journey
to the underworld.
When will the Queen
be crowned?
She has until sunset
to make her choice.
What if
she says no?
Then she defies the gods...
and the crows will feast
for days.
My Queen.
The Druids are fiends.
They don't speak for the gods.
They feed their own needs
and ambitions.
Gods...
Veran's the devil
himself.
Send for the Roman general.
Let us make peace
with the spirits of the past.
As one cycle ends,
so the next begins.
Bit early.
Go to hell.
Did you see her face?
She can barely keep
from grinning.
Don't be ridiculous.
You think this wasn't
her plan all along?
Why do you think
she went to the Romans?
She betrayed your father,
and you stood by
and did nothing.
If you hadn't been
so pathetic,
your father
would have seen sense.
He would still be alive,
and when he died,
you would be king,
but no...
you didn't dare
even speak with them.
You appall me.
There is nowhere
in this whole world
such weakness,
such craven, lily-livered...
Fuck...
Fuck you!
Come on.
Come on!
Your Regni whore is miles away.
Why don't you do it?
Do it...
or are you too weak
even for that now?
Come on.
Come on...
Fuck me!
Come on.
Yeah, that's it.
Fuck me.
What a surprise.
All talk, and no action.
I've got an idea.
Why don't you go and try
and fuck your sister?
Hmm?
Maybe then
you can get it up.
Come on.
Come on...
Give it a go, mm?
Hmm?
Maybe the Druids
would like it.
Come on.
Come on!
Go and stick it
up the Queen.
I swear,
if I had a cock,
that's what I'd be doing
right now.
Oh, god, look at you.
You're more
woman than man!
So clever.
So wise.
Where has it all
got you?
You're not a king.
You're not a husband.
You're nothing.
Hey...
It's all right.
It's not all right.
Nothing's right.
It should be you.
Who knows the ways of the gods?
You know
I don't want this.
I don't want any of it.
Not...
not any of it?
What do you mean?
Something's, uh...
something's bothering me.
When we left the citadel,
the Roman prisoner,
he was shouting something.
Did you hear
what it was?
No.
No? I did.
He was shouting
"Behold the power of Rome."
Mm?
And they were watching us
last night,
just like it was...
planned.
I swear by our mother,
I never saw any
of this coming.
All my life, I thought
it was going to be you,
that you were going
to rule us.
All of which
begs the question...
why did they choose you?
Where are you going?
Back to the citadel.
There's one more question
I need to ask our Roman friend.
How is she?
The Queen?
You're drunk.
What happened?
Did Phelan catch you at it?
You should be careful.
You might make him jealous.
What did you say?
They've been at it
for years.
Of course, they deny it...
but all the signs are there.
The number of times
he's come to my bed
reeking of her.
You must have
spotted it...
little smiles,
whispers,
cosy asides...
and now that she's queen,
what's not to like, eh?
And let's face it,
you should know.
Shut your mouth.
How you must wish
that the Druids
had put you with her.
Tell me, husband...
is she better than me?
Is her mouth prettier?
Did she make you sweat?
Shut up.
Am I not enough for you?
Am I not beautiful?
You took me for your wife.
You looked me in the eye,
and you swore an oath.
Answer me.
You are beautiful...
on the outside.
Get out.
State your business!
General Aulus is here
to speak with Queen Antedia.
Open the gate!
So, Kerra
is to be crowned queen.
That is what the gods will.
The woman who mutilated
my only son...
who destroyed my dynasty.
In her lies the future.
I'm not here
to explain the ways
of the Druids
or the gods.
I'm here to win a war.
Are we on the same side
in that war?
You tell me.
We have a spy
inside the Cantii citadel.
Now, this spy tells me
Kerra came
to see you, alone,
and that you spoke...
And after you talked,
you ceased
crucifying her people.
What deal
did you make with her?
That is indeed the question,
because
if there was such a deal,
and I don't know about it,
then before you can bellow
"Hail Claudius,"
your pretty head,
and your friend's here,
are decorating my gates.
Who is this spy?
This is
all my fault.
I should never have
disobeyed my King.
I should never
have gone to them.
You did what your
heart told you,
as you should do now.
Hey...
Come with me.
We take two horses,
and we flee now.
There's nothing in this world
I want more.
Then do it.
Staying here
is certain death.
I need to speak with Veran.
Veran is a devil.
I need to look him in the eye.
I need to know
the truth.
If you look him in the eye,
he will steal your mind.
It will no longer
be your own.
I must speak with him.
Then you'll have your answer.
Your spy speaks the truth.
We met with the Cantii.
What was the agreement?
She said she would
speak to her father,
that she had his ear.
Turns out
she was mistaken,
'cause when he found out,
he called in the Druids.
We speak to all the tribes.
It's what we do.
Now, we have
mutual interests,
and you'd better hope
that continues
to be the case.
Now, are we on the same side,
or aren't we?
If we are,
I want more
than mutual interest.
You see,
I trust my allies.
I respect them.
I want to know
if I have your trust,
your respect, your...
love.
To prove it,
I want you
to do something for me.
What do you want?
I want you to kneel down
and kiss my feet.
Kiss your feet?
That's right.
It's something
I like my allies to do.
Just kneel down there,
and kiss them.
Kiss my feet.
And if I refuse?
Well...
in that case...
I refuse.
You refuse?
Absolutely.
I refuse
to kiss your feet...
but I will kiss
your lovely hand...
to show trust...
respect...
love.
There.
Are we satisfied?
He has to kiss my feet.
Well, go on, then.
Come on, man.
What are you waiting for?
And the other one.
You should know
my mother's
not to be messed with.
Thanks for the advice,
but I don't think there's
anything to worry about.
Besides, we like
your mum.
She's got balls.
If the Regni
will lay siege to Crugdunon,
they will do so
with the full support
of the Emperor.
Their population
will be enslaved,
their weak and elderly
put to the sword,
and when you are
on their throne,
that's when you and I
will talk.
There's something
else I want.
I thought there might be.
What is it?
The Druids call themselves
the mouthpieces of the gods,
vessels of the divine,
but really...
they're just whores.
I thought your tribe
worshipped the Druids,
that their word was law.
Once we did.
Not anymore.
I see.
So what do you want?
The head of Veran...
on a nice big stick.
It would certainly add
to the trust, respect, and love
we have forged here today.
You can do that for me,
can't you?
You leave it to me.
Do you trust him?
Not as far as I
could shit him.
You won't get any
answers out of him.
Quane.
My eyes fade,
but you,
I can see clearly.
Sit, old friend.
You know
as well as I
you shouldn't be here.
This rock
is not your home anymore.
It is death to you now.
Quane...
Where is everyone?
Where's Willa?
Where's Veran?
They went to Crugdunon,
to the citadel.
The King's daughter has...
betrayed her people,
or something.
Quane...
I need to speak to Veran.
Why?
Lokka himself...
is here.
Have you seen him?
Yes.
He came to find me.
He left me a warning.
You shouldn't have come here.
If Lokka is here,
then Veran must know.
You don't
understand, child.
If Lokka is here,
Veran knows.
Veran was born
ten thousand years ago.
He was the second man.
His brother, Harka,
was the first.
They were born
from the Oak Tree,
and the tree protected them.
They would sit high in the Oak
and talk of all the wonders
in the world...
the birds...
the caterpillars...
the light on the leaves.
Then one day, Veran came home
and found Harka
hanging from the Oak Tree,
and Veran wept.
He knew then his brother
wasn't strong enough...
strong enough for the Wonder...
but then,
Veran saw the rope move,
and he saw
the rope was alive.
It was a serpent,
sent by Lokka himself,
and the serpent's name
was Pwykka.
Veran taught you
everything he knew.
You were his favourite,
but you betrayed him.
I didn't betray him.
Pwykka tricked me.
If Lokka is here,
Pwykka won't be
far behind...
and the age of Wonder
is at an end.
Are you
looking for someone?
I seek the mighty Veran.
I'll do whatever he wants.
I'm ready.
Are you sure?
You heard me, you ugly bitch.
I'm ready!
Then come inside.
Follow me, child.
Where is he?
First we must discover
how ready you are.
I am ready.
Sit.
What do you see
when you look at me?
When I look at you,
I see darkness...
darkness and lies.
So I'm a liar?
I know Rome came to you.
They made a deal.
They knew they couldn't
deal with my father,
so you did
their bidding.
You killed my father
not because
the gods told you to,
but to save
yourself.
Many think they can influence
the ruling of the gods.
The gods' voice is the wind...
the earthquake...
the famine.
But you're not the wind.
You're human.
What's the difference?
There is something
I need to tell you.
The Roman General
came here.
When?
Soon after the
Romans landed,
and Veran...
took him
to the Underworld.
No, no, no, no.
If he risked
travelling to the Underworld,
to walk among our dead,
then...
he went
to find something important.
Follow his footsteps.
Only then will you know
what it is he seeks...
and what might save us.
Romans are demons...
foot soldiers for
the great Earth Demon Lokka.
They come in disguise,
pretending to bring
protection, bounty,
but in truth, they bring
only chaos and destruction.
Yes, Rome came to me,
and I listened.
They thought
you would be wiser,
asked me
to sacrifice your father
and replace him
with you.
And that's exactly
what you did.
Indeed...
but that's not
why your father is gone.
Then why?
This day,
Lokka believes the Druids
have done his bidding,
but Lokka is wrong.
The gods would not choose you
for such a reason,
for the gods cannot be bought.
The gods chose you
because the gods know
you are strong enough
to defeat Lokka,
and to do that,
you have to be prepared
to sacrifice everything.
What did he say?
Kerra...
what did he
say to you?
Have you decided?
I have.
So?
I will become Queen.
I will rule my people.
Before the gods, there was
nothing but chaos.
Now we stand held
under their unyielding gaze...
below the cold moon,
beneath the stars.
I have one question.
Did your general
ever meet with the Druids?
Child of the Night...
Sword of the Gods, I crown you.
May you never speak again,
except to show us the way.
Do you feel
the gods' pleasure?
I do.
Then rise up,
Queen Kerra.
Get your stuff.
We're leaving.
It's a mistake.
Then it's my mistake.
I've made plenty of others.
You must go
to Amena now.
She needs you.
I'm sorry, Lindon.
This is the gods' will.
What has he done to you?
This is what
the Druids decreed.
Listen to yourself.
You walk into that circle
as one thing,
and you return saying this?
You will do as I command.
The night
they took my mother away,
you wrote something.
Here.
What does it say?
Those words are from the gods.
Not until the day
you leave this world
can they be read.
Read them to me.
If I am to trust you...
I need to know.
Trust is
not important.
Only faith.
If I am
the Sword of the Gods,
you will read me the runes.
How will you know
I'm telling you the truth?
I'll know.
These words...
they say,
"Hope is the daughter
of a blind father."
Here, father.
Thank you,
my child.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org